README.md, before:

# BCN3D MOVEO

This is the repository that contains the CAD files, the STL files, the user manual (with the assembly manual), the firmware, and the Bill of Materials of the BCN3D Moveo.
BCN3D Technologies keeps taking important steps in order to achieve his goal of bringing the digital manufacturing technology to everyone. In this occasion we are presenting the BCN3D Moveo, a robotic arm design from scratch and developed by our engineers in collaboration with the Departament d’Ensenyament from the Generalitat de Catalunya. Its structure is fully printed using additive manufacturing technologies and its electronics are controlled by the software Arduino.
Moveo, fully functional nowadays, has been born, as all the BCN3D Technologies products, with an open and educational wish.

## Why BCN3D Moveo

One of the Departament d’Ensenyament worries is the high price of the materials the grade students must use on their internships. Holding that in mind, an Open Source robotic arm, adaptable by the students and low cost reproducible could take several educational itineraries: mechanical design, automatism, industrial programing, etc.
Thus, the BCN3D Moveo should allow the educational centers to enjoy a modifiable and easily accessible for the students, at a price far lower than the usual industrial equipment they used to have to acquire, with enough output for training purposes.
As a Fundació CIM area, BCN3D Technologies shares its educational vocation. That is the reason why when the Departament d’Ensenyament contacted us in order to suggest and offer this project a year ago we didn’t hesitate on taking that opportunity.
Once we had the robotic arm designed and manufactured we started the last phase of the project, which consisted on an assembling and fine tuning workshop for 15 institutes around Catalonia, which took place in the BCN3D Technologies.
These institutes already have the BCN3D Moveo in their classrooms and workshops, and will have to present an internship program that proves their knowledge about the arm during September.

## Open Source Technology: Github

As we have done with all our developed produtcs, the BCN3D Moveo files will be available for everyone. Thanks to the platform Github, a website where users around the world share their designs, anyone will be able to obtain all the necessary information in order to assemble his own BCN3D Moveo at home.

Unlike the other BCN3D products, the Moveo won’t be commercialized. The project has been born and developed in order to make a move for the community progress starting from the Departament d’Ensenyament idea.
Nevertheless, BCN3D will fee all the Moveo know how on our Github account, as we have been doing with all the BCN3D Technologies products. Thus, the users will be able to find the bill of material (BOM), where all the needed components for the assembling of the arm come detailed, as the CAD designs, so anyone will be able to modify the BCN3D Moveo design as they wish.
Furthermore, the Github users will find the STL files for the structure printing and the assembling, fine tuning and firmware upload manuals, which will be available both in English and Spanish.

## Acknowledgements

This project is based on a project by [Andreas Hölldorfer](http://chaozlabs.blogspot.de/). You can see his original project on [Hackaday.io](https://hackaday.io/project/3800-3d-printable-robot-arm), [Github](https://github.com/4ndreas/BetaBots-Robot-Arm-Project/tree/master), [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeFKz1UJUd5YuxS1ZikqYwA).

Commit message:

Updated README to put our tasks

README.md, after:

# Our part

We have the following tasks: 

-[ ] Print & Assemble the Electronics Box

--- 

# BCN3D MOVEO

This is the repository that contains the CAD files, the STL files, the user manual (with the assembly manual), the firmware, and the Bill of Materials of the BCN3D Moveo.
BCN3D Technologies keeps taking important steps in order to achieve his goal of bringing the digital manufacturing technology to everyone. In this occasion we are presenting the BCN3D Moveo, a robotic arm design from scratch and developed by our engineers in collaboration with the Departament d’Ensenyament from the Generalitat de Catalunya. Its structure is fully printed using additive manufacturing technologies and its electronics are controlled by the software Arduino.
Moveo, fully functional nowadays, has been born, as all the BCN3D Technologies products, with an open and educational wish.

## Why BCN3D Moveo

One of the Departament d’Ensenyament worries is the high price of the materials the grade students must use on their internships. Holding that in mind, an Open Source robotic arm, adaptable by the students and low cost reproducible could take several educational itineraries: mechanical design, automatism, industrial programing, etc.
Thus, the BCN3D Moveo should allow the educational centers to enjoy a modifiable and easily accessible for the students, at a price far lower than the usual industrial equipment they used to have to acquire, with enough output for training purposes.
As a Fundació CIM area, BCN3D Technologies shares its educational vocation. That is the reason why when the Departament d’Ensenyament contacted us in order to suggest and offer this project a year ago we didn’t hesitate on taking that opportunity.
Once we had the robotic arm designed and manufactured we started the last phase of the project, which consisted on an assembling and fine tuning workshop for 15 institutes around Catalonia, which took place in the BCN3D Technologies.
These institutes already have the BCN3D Moveo in their classrooms and workshops, and will have to present an internship program that proves their knowledge about the arm during September.

## Open Source Technology: Github

As we have done with all our developed produtcs, the BCN3D Moveo files will be available for everyone. Thanks to the platform Github, a website where users around the world share their designs, anyone will be able to obtain all the necessary information in order to assemble his own BCN3D Moveo at home.

Unlike the other BCN3D products, the Moveo won’t be commercialized. The project has been born and developed in order to make a move for the community progress starting from the Departament d’Ensenyament idea.
Nevertheless, BCN3D will fee all the Moveo know how on our Github account, as we have been doing with all the BCN3D Technologies products. Thus, the users will be able to find the bill of material (BOM), where all the needed components for the assembling of the arm come detailed, as the CAD designs, so anyone will be able to modify the BCN3D Moveo design as they wish.
Furthermore, the Github users will find the STL files for the structure printing and the assembling, fine tuning and firmware upload manuals, which will be available both in English and Spanish.

## Acknowledgements

This project is based on a project by [Andreas Hölldorfer](http://chaozlabs.blogspot.de/). You can see his original project on [Hackaday.io](https://hackaday.io/project/3800-3d-printable-robot-arm), [Github](https://github.com/4ndreas/BetaBots-Robot-Arm-Project/tree/master), [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeFKz1UJUd5YuxS1ZikqYwA).
